### Post-Header
   The post-header starts with a 2 byte unsigned little endian integer with the
size of this same post-header (That number does NOT count the two bytes
themselves).

   The next byte contains an unsigned integer telling how many configuration
files there are. The next configuration files start with their length (another
2 byte unsigned little endian integer) and the string itself. The string has
some special characters:

   * Slash (/): Separates directories (Not backslash)
   * 0x00 byte: Anything enclosed by it is considered an environment variable.

   After the configuration files we find the Syntax. The syntax refers to
Regular Expresions (Regex) used to parse those configuration files for
different fields. If there is none a nul byte (0x00) is placed instead.
Otherwise, the first byte is the length of the regular expression string and
the last byte tells how to decode the regular expression.

   The type it can be decoded from can be:
   * 0x00 : String
   * 0x01 : Integer
   * 0x02 : Hash-starting Hexadecimal

   The field order is fixed:
   * The first 8 fields are to parse the RGB representation of the 3-bits
   colours: Black, Red, Green, Yellow, Blue, Magenta, Cyan and White.
   * The next 8 fields are for the bright version of those colours.
   * The last 2 fields are for the default Foreground and Background
   colours. Which may not be White and Black.

```
SIZE CONFIG_FILES (LENGTH STRING) ... (LENGTH REGEX TYPE) ...
```

#### Example

```
 SIZE   CONFIG_FILES   LENGTH             STRING
0x4D00      0x02       0x1A00 0x00HOME0x00/.config/file.config

LENGTH      STRING                  COLOURS
0x1000 /etc/file.config 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00

            BRIGHT COLOURS               LENGTH    REGEX    TYPE
0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00   0x06    fg *= *   0x00

LENGTH    REGEX   TYPE
 0x06    bg *= *  0x00
```


### Body
   The body has a fixed structure. The first 10 bytes are booleans for styles
in the enumeration type order: Bold, Faint, Italic, Underline, Slow_Blink,
Rapid_Blink, Reverse_Video, Conceal, Crossed_Out, Doubly_Underline. The following
4 bytes are for the available colours: 3-bits, 4-bits, 8-bits, 24-bits.
In total 14 bytes.
